fix(startup): set MYVIMRC for -u vim config (#39964)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/starting.txt

                                                        *-u* *E282*
-u {vimrc}      The file {vimrc} is read for initializations.  Most other
                initializations are skipped; see |initialization|.

>                 $MYVIMRC is set to {vimrc} when {vimrc} is a Vim script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                $MYVIMRC is set to {vimrc} when {vimrc} is a Vimscript.
```
